Add a documentation for multiversion portable serilization (#492)
hazelcast/hazelcast-nodejs-client: README.md

* [4. Serialization](#4-serialization)
  * [4.1. IdentifiedDataSerializable Serialization](#41-identifieddataserializable-serialization)
  * [4.2. Portable Serialization](#42-portable-serialization)

> 	* [4.2.1. Versioning for Portable Serialization](#421-multiversion-portable-serialization)

Reviewer: `#421-multiversion-portable-serialization` -> `#421-versioning-for-portable-serialization`

* Hazelcast Cloud Discovery
* IdentifiedDataSerializable Serialization
* Portable Serialization

> * Portable Multiversion Serialization

Reviewer: No need to mention about this here

Note that the ID that is passed to the `SerializationConfig` is same as the `factoryId` that `Customer` object returns.

### 4.2.1. Versioning for Portable Serialization

More than one version of the same class may need to be serialized and deserialized. For example, a client may have an older version of a class and the member to which it is connected may have a newer version of the same class.

Portable serialization supports versioning. It is a global versioning, meaning that all portable classes that are serialized through a member get the globally configured portable version.

In NodeJs Client, you can achieve this by simply adding the `getClassIdd()` method to your class’s implementation of `Portable`, and setting the `ClassVersion` to be different than the default global version.

A sample portable implementation of a `Employee2` class looks like the following:

```javascript

> function Employee2(name,age,manager) {

Reviewer: Can you change this sample with the python counter-part ? It would be good to have same examples across different client readmes.

Note that the ID that is passed to the `SerializationConfig` is same as the `factoryId` that `Customer` object returns.

### 4.2.1. Versioning for Portable Serialization

More than one version of the same class may need to be serialized and deserialized. For example, a client may have an older version of a class and the member to which it is connected may have a newer version of the same class.

Portable serialization supports versioning. It is a global versioning, meaning that all portable classes that are serialized through a member get the globally configured portable version.

You can declare the version in the `hazelcast.xml` configuration file using the `portable-version` element, as shown below.
	

> 	```xml

Reviewer: fix formatting

	<hazelcast>
	    ...
	    <serialization>
	        <portable-version>1</portable-version>
	    </serialization>
	    ...
	</hazelcast>
	```
	If you update the class by changing the type of one of the fields or by adding a new field, it is a good idea to upgrade the version of the class, rather than sticking to the global version specified in the `hazelcast.xml` file.
	In NodeJs Client, you can achieve this by simply adding the `getClassIdd()` method to your class’s implementation of `Portable`, and setting the `ClassVersion` to be different than the default global version.

> **NOTE: If you do not use the `getVersion()` method in your `Portable` implementation, it will have the global version, by default.**

Here is an example implementation of creating a version 2 for the above Foo class:

```javascript

> function Foo(foo,foo2) {

Reviewer: This code snippet has lots of formatting issues (like missing space in `foo,foo2`, missing space in assignments inside the constructor ...)

	this.foo=foo;
	this.foo2=foo2;
};

Foo.prototype.getFactoryId = function () {
    return 1;
};

Foo.prototype.getClassId = function () {
    return 1;
};

Foo.prototype.getVersion = function () {
    return 2;
};

Foo.prototype.readPortable = function (reader) {
    this.foo = reader.readUTF('foo');
	this.foo2 = reader.readUTF('foo2');

};

Foo.prototype.writePortable = function (writer) {
    writer.writeUTF('foo', this.foo);
	writer.writeUTF('foo2', this.foo2);
};
```

> Similar to `IdentifiedDataSerializable`, a `Portable` object must provide `classId` and `factoryId`. The factory object will be used to create the `Portable` object given the `classId`.

Reviewer: No need to mention about the factory here since it is already covered in the section above.

Note that the ID that is passed to the `SerializationConfig` is same as the `factoryId` that `Customer` object returns.

### 4.2.1. Versioning for Portable Serialization

More than one version of the same class may need to be serialized and deserialized. For example, a client may have an older version of a class and the member to which it is connected may have a newer version of the same class.

Portable serialization supports versioning. It is a global versioning, meaning that all portable classes that are serialized through a client get the globally configured portable version.

You can declare the version in the `hazelcast-client.json` configuration file using the `portableVersion` element, as shown below.
	
```json
{
    "serialization": {
        "portableVersion": 0
    }
}
```

If you update the class by changing the type of one of the fields or by adding a new field, it is a good idea to upgrade the version of the class, rather than sticking to the global version specified in the `hazelcast-client.json` file.

> In NodeJs Client, you can achieve this by simply adding the `getClassIdd()` method to your class’s implementation of `Portable`, and setting the `ClassVersion` to be different than the default global version.

Reviewer: In NodeJs Client, -> In the Node.js client,
...

getClassIdd() -> getVersion()

> **NOTE: If you do not use the `getVersion()` method in your `Portable` implementation, it will have the global version, by default.**

> Here is an example implementation of creating a version 2 for the above Foo class:

Reviewer: There is no Foo class above. You can remove the `above`

```javascript
function Foo(foo, foo2) {
    this.foo = foo;
    this.foo2 = foo2;
}

Foo.prototype.getFactoryId = function () {
    return 1;
};

Foo.prototype.getClassId = function () {
    return 1;
};

Foo.prototype.getVersion = function () {
    return 2;
};

Foo.prototype.readPortable = function (reader) {
    this.foo = reader.readUTF('foo');
    this.foo2 = reader.readUTF('foo2');
};

Foo.prototype.writePortable = function (writer) {
    writer.writeUTF('foo', this.foo);
    writer.writeUTF('foo2', this.foo2);
};
```

You should consider the following when you perform versioning:

> - It is important to change the version whenever an update is performed in the serialized fields of a class, for example by incrementing the version.

Reviewer 2: A new line is needed here for fixing the bullet list format.

> - If a client performs a Portable deserialization on a field and then that Portable is updated by removing that field on the cluster side, this may lead to a problem.

Reviewer 2: We can add an example here (for the "problem") similar to the one in the Python client:

"... this may lead to problems such as an AttributeError being raised when an older version of the client tries to access the removed field."

Note that the ID that is passed to the `SerializationConfig` is same as the `factoryId` that `Customer` object returns.

### 4.2.1. Versioning for Portable Serialization

More than one version of the same class may need to be serialized and deserialized. For example, a client may have an older version of a class and the member to which it is connected may have a newer version of the same class.

> Portable serialization supports versioning. It is a global versioning, meaning that all portable classes that are serialized through a member get the globally configured portable version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Portable serialization supports versioning. It is a global versioning, meaning that all portable classes that are serialized through a client get the globally configured portable version.
```

> You can declare the version in the `hazelcast.xml` configuration file using the `portable-version` element, as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can declare the version in the `hazelcast-client.json` configuration file using the `portableVersion` element, as shown below.
```

> ```xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
{
    "serialization": {
        "portableVersion": 0
    }
}
```

<hazelcast>
    ...
	<serialization>
	    <portable-version>1</portable-version>
	</serialization>
	...
</hazelcast>
```

> If you update the class by changing the type of one of the fields or by adding a new field, it is a good idea to upgrade the version of the class, rather than sticking to the global version specified in the `hazelcast.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you update the class by changing the type of one of the fields or by adding a new field, it is a good idea to upgrade the version of the class, rather than sticking to the global version specified in the `hazelcast-client.json` file.
```
